more explicit about what remote means in context (#25845)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/devel/development_setup.rst

         git remote add upstream git@github.com:matplotlib/matplotlib.git

> You can now use ``upstream`` to retrieve the most recent merged changes to the
> Matplotlib source code (see also `Managing remote repositories
> <https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/managing-remote-repositories>`__.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then retrieve the current development state of the Matplotlib source code via ::

    git checkout main
    git pull upstream main

```
We should state this explicitly. The mentioned link does not cover this.

Reviewer 2: Not sure what you don’t love about the elsewhere advice, but I just opened #25857 and would love you to weigh in there if it’s relevant.

> <https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/managing-remote-repositories>`__.

Reviewer: I propose to move this link to the notes section below (or remove it completely). While it is about remotes, it only covers rarely needed management operations on remotes, not something one would need for regular development work:

[Adding a remote repository](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/managing-remote-repositories#adding-a-remote-repository). - we've covered that ourselves
[Changing a remote repository's URL](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/managing-remote-repositories#changing-a-remote-repositorys-url) - the matplotlib repository won't move
[Renaming a remote repository](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/managing-remote-repositories#renaming-a-remote-repository) - no need to change the name `upstream`
[Removing a remote repository](https://docs.Github.com/en/get-started/getting-started-with-git/managing-remote-repositories#removing-a-remote-repository) - no need to decouple from upstream
